docs(serverless): add note on Cloudflare DNS to function and container custom domains (#1505)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/functions/how-to/add-a-custom-domain-name-to-a-function.mdx

3. Click **+ Add endpoint**.
4. Enter your custom domain URL and validate the form.
5. Connect to your function using your custom domain once you have checked the CNAME and TLS fields.

> <Message type="note">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Message type="important">
```

>   Be careful, for now **Custom Domains** do not support websockets. If you need to use websockets you have to configure them with the original function URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Be aware that **Custom Domains** does not currently support websockets. If you need to use websockets you must configure them with the original container URL.
```

</Message>

## Cloudflare DNS

> If you are using Cloudflare DNS to configure your custom domain, you need to set the `CNAME` record's proxy status to **DNS Only** while adding it to your function. We perform a number of validation checks on our side when configuring your domain, and if the `CNAME` record is proxied during these checks, they will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Cloudflare DNS to configure your custom domain, you need to set the `CNAME` record's proxy status to **DNS Only** while adding it to your function. We perform a number of validation checks on our side when configuring your domain, and if the `CNAME` record is proxied during these checks, the checks will fail.
```
